Portnox modeling rules (#27956)
demisto/content: Packs/Portnox/README.md

# Portnox
This pack includes Cortex XSIAM content.

## Portnox Alert configuration

> 1. Go to *settings* -> *Alerts*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Settings** > **Alerts**.
```

> 2. Add The IP of the syslog server to *Syslog Server* text box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Syslog Server** field, add the IP address of the syslog server.
```

![link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/4432c58042ef5f97fb762b33ab74863530627b0c/Packs/Portnox/doc_imgs/syslog_ip.png)

> 3. click save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Save**.
```

> 4. Go to *Security* -> *events*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to **Security** -> **events**.
```

> 5. click on the top right corner on the Plus button "+".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **+** on the top right corner.
```

![link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/4432c58042ef5f97fb762b33ab74863530627b0c/Packs/Portnox/doc_imgs/event_conf.png)
6. Mark all events.
![link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/4432c58042ef5f97fb762b33ab74863530627b0c/Packs/Portnox/doc_imgs/all_events.png)

> 7. Make sure “All Network” is checked and “Send Alerts by” is configured to Syslog, using the IP address you wish to send to & “Trigger Type” = “Immediate”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Make sure “All Network” is checked and “Send Alerts by” is configured to Syslog, using the IP address you want to send to and “Trigger Type” = “Immediate”.
```

![link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/4432c58042ef5f97fb762b33ab74863530627b0c/Packs/Portnox/doc_imgs/all_networks.png)
![link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/4432c58042ef5f97fb762b33ab74863530627b0c/Packs/Portnox/doc_imgs/send_alerts_by.png)

> 8. click on “Save & Close” at the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click **Save & Close** at the top right corner.
```
